Using walker for nested schema checks (#1513)
RobinTail/express-zod-api: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 16

### v16.6.0

- Refactoring: using walker (traverse) for checking nested schemas.

>   - This makes it easier to scale and reuse.

Author: ```suggestion
  - This improved the performance and made it easier to scale and reuse.
```

> - Refactoring: simplified `next` shorthand of the schema walker.
>   - This improved the preformance slightly.

Author: ```suggestion
```
